**Spencer Stream**

sprewstream\@gmail.com $\cdot$ \

------------------------------------------------------------------------

**EXPERIENCE**

------------------------------------------------------------------------

$\cdot$=0em

Lead the development of scalable features for 22 million monthly users
of the MyChart patient portal application

**AI-Powered Build Analysis:** Created agentic AI pipeline to suggest
customer build improvements

Organized cross-application stand-ups, coordinating feature development
and follow-ups

**React Forms:** Engineered reusable React components, collaborating
with designers to create a seamless UI

Designed an interactive address suggestion component, enhancing user
experience

Applied modern WCAG and accessibility principles to ensure a
user-friendly solution

Continuously improved .NET backend APIs, enabling integration across
application teams for shared services

**Developer Tools:** Developed CLI tools to expedite common Git commands
and project builds

Implemented CI/CD pipelines to build and deploy internal tools

**Mentoring:** Provided mentorship and guidance to developers, fostering
skill development across the division

Coordinated recurring meetings for more than 300 developers to
facilitate knowledge sharing and updates

$\cdot$=0em

Built .NET Core RESTful web services following modern
tiered-architecture principles

**Product Launches:** Engaged experts and stakeholders with agile
methods to create new insurance products

Planned and presented product demonstrations upon their completion

**Architecture Upgrades:** Accelerated development by automating tasks
and adopting a monorepo Git strategy

Set up CI/CD builds and releases in Azure DevOps

$\cdot$=0em

Led a team of 6 students to develop a web application which aggregated
data from multiple sources

**Web Portal:** Built a React web client with the Google Maps SDK,
allowing users to plot millions of events

**Database:** Architected multiple .NET Core REST APIs to cache data in
self-hosted MySQL servers

Developed user authentication framework using PBKDF2 credential hashing
algorithm

$\cdot$=0em

Deployed Python ETL pipelines for assembling RNA data into an accurate
transcriptome

Automated job submissions using Bash scripts and Pegasus WMS

Enhanced lab websites to showcase research projects and enable
authenticated user posts

**PERSONAL PROJECTS**

------------------------------------------------------------------------

$\cdot$=0em

**Wordle Clone:** Implemented various iterations of a cross-platform
game in Android, Svelte, Flutter, and React Native

$\cdot$=0em

**Wedding Website:** Designed a SvelteKit website, using Azure Functions
and Twilio SendGrid as an RSVP backend

$\cdot$=0em

**Feel Music:** Developed a music curation service using an LLM AI and
YouTube APIs to generate playlists from user comments

**SKILLS**

------------------------------------------------------------------------

nohyphenation

$\cdot$=0em

**Frontend:** TypeScript/JavaScript, React, Redux, React Native/Expo,
Svelte, CSS/SASS, HTML

**Backend:** C\#, .NET, Python, RESTful API services, Azure, Firebase,
MySQL, NoSQL, ORM

**Technologies:** Git, CI/CD, DNS, Docker, Android, cross-platform
development, shell scripting

**EDUCATION**

------------------------------------------------------------------------

$\cdot$=0em

Minor in Mathematics, Distinction
